Skip to main content
Gates Foundation

About us

Our work

Ideas

Search
About
Our story 
About
Our mission is to create a world where every person has the opportunity to live a healthy, productive life.
The Gates Foundation is a philanthropic organization that works to dramatically reduce disease and poverty and build a more equal world.

We invest our expertise and resources in organizations, research institutions, and global alliances that are fueling progress toward a future that is free of infectious diseases, provides economic opportunity for all, and ensures the health of mothers and babies.

Our charitable support, which in 2024 totaled more than US$8 billion, focuses on innovative products, ideas, and approaches that have the potential to save and improve the greatest number of lives. Our efforts span more than four dozen program areas and engage thousands of partners that are leading the work on the ground—including nonprofit organizations, government agencies, private enterprises, scientists, community groups, and policy researchers.


Explore our story
Learn about our origins and how our approach has evolved since we started in 2000.
Read our story

Understand our role
We fund and bring together people and organizations in the global health and development sectors so we can collectively accelerate progress on urgent issues.
Read about our role
Dr. Chellapilla Bharadwaj, Principal Chickpea Breeder at the Indian Agricultural Research Institute (IARI), poses for a photograph inside a chickpea testing laboratory at the IARI in New Delhi, India, on April 7, 2025.
How our funding works
We make grants to organizations as well as investments in projects carried out by private companies.
Learn about our funding

How we work
We pursue our goals by providing funding to those who have the experience and expertise to make an impact.
Learn how we work
Foundation facts
More about our foundation 
For the year ended December 31, 2024.
FAQ
Browse all FAQ 
Does the Gates Foundation accept direct donations?

Can my organization apply for a grant from the foundation?

I got an email saying I won a foundation lottery or a prize from Bill Gates. Is this true?

Can I apply for a job at the foundation?


Leadership
Our leaders are guided by the foundation’s mission to create a world where every person has the opportunity to live a healthy, productive life.
Explore our leadership
Foundation employees share personal stories at the Ignite storytelling session during the Annual Employee Meeting at the Gates Foundation in Seattle, Washington, on May 9, 2023.
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
The Gates Foundation was founded on a simple premise: that people everywhere, regardless of identity or circumstances, should have the chance to live healthy, productive lives. 
Learn more
Our offices
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
Contact
Connect with specific foundation departments.
Skip to bottom of links
Media inquiries
Career opportunities
Grant opportunities
Verified social media accounts
Ways to give
All other inquiries
Skip to top of links
More about the foundation
Committed grants
We’ve funded thousands of projects, large and small. Our database includes payments made and committed from 1994 onward.

Learn more
How we work
Learn how we identify grantees and form partnerships with private companies to address inequities.

Learn more
Financials
We are committed to providing clear, timely information on our finances and grantmaking efforts. See information about our annual reports, audited financial statements, charitable work with the private sector, and the Foundation Trust.
Learn more
Policies and resources
For transparency, we share the policies and principles that help guide our work.

Learn more
Gates Foundation
We are a nonprofit fighting poverty, disease, and inequity around the world.
About
Our work
Ideas
Contact
Media Center
Careers
Discovery Center
Give with us
Goalkeepers
Reporting scams
Ethics reporting
Privacy & Cookies Notice
Terms of Use
Brand guidelines
Vendors
2026 Gates Foundation. All rights reserved.
