Skip to content
Bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world
*If you have a body, you are an athlete
WE
SERVE
KIDS
PROS
DREAMERS
WOMEN
TEAMS
COACHES
MEN
BEGINNERS
GIRLS
REBELS
ATHLETES
*
*If you have a body, you are an athlete

How Can I Improve My Mind-Body Connection?
The breakthroughs in Nike Mind footwear can help get you out of your head and into your body.
From the Newsroom




Nike Reintroduces ACG: An Outdoor-Performance Brand for Athletes Who Thrive in the Wild

Footballer Alexia Putellas’ First Nike Player Edition Is a Boot Fit For The Queen

Air Max Communities Celebrate the Nike Air Max 95 With the City Pack Collection

Jordan Brand’s Heir Series 2 Is Designed With Player Insights for the Women’s Game

ACG’s Team USA Collection Celebrates Elite Athletes and the Places that Shape Them

NikeSKIMS Debuts First Head-to-Toe System of Dress With the Spring ’26 Collection

NIKE, Inc. Announces New Geography Leadership Appointments

Jordan Brand and Levi’s, Two Icons Cut From the Same Cloth, Unveil New Colorways of the Air Jordan 3

A Never-Released Air Jordan 6 Infrared Makes Its Debut
Get to Know Our Nike Sport Research Lab

The NSRL Baseline Testing
What would the back of your athlete trading card say? That’s what the Nike Sport Research Lab's Baseline testing is for: A way for all athletes to understand their physical tools.


The NSRL Fieldhouse Track
When Nike researchers create the sports innovations of the future, they tap into this one-of-one space.


The NSRL Environmental Chambers
The science of regulating your temperature is serious business in the Nike Sport Research Lab.

Essential Read

The Birth of ACG: The Summit that Launched a Legacy
The wild moment that sparked Nike’s first outdoor footwear line and, eventually, the category that became All Conditions Gear.

Why We Love Track and Field
This year's Worlds served fans all the drama, heart and glory.

Learn more

Inside our Design and Innovation

The Spaces Where Nike Creates the Future of Sport
Get a behind-the-scenes look at Nike’s World Headquarters and the places where we innovate, design and dream, all to serve athletes.


Why the Jordan Air Rev Could Change More Than Golf
Through a unique application of Zoom Air, the Jordan Air Rev is a promising experiment in designing for rotationally-powered sports.


Journey of an Icon: The History of the Chuck Taylor All Star
The shoe’s journey from afterthought to global icon defies convention, which begins to explain why the Converse Chuck Taylor All Star has served as a talisman of self-expression for multiple generations, subcultures and genres: It has never tried to fit in.

From the Archive

Bill Bowerman: Nike’s Original Innovator
Nike co-founder Bill Bowerman's quest to create footwear to improve athlete performance is a driving force for Nike's ever-evolving approach to product innovation.


How Steve Prefontaine Set the Pace for Nike
Prefontaine's competitive fire, gutsy race tactics and inherent charisma charmed crowds and inspired up-and-coming runners to give it their all.

Initiatives
white and blue graduation sash
Investing in our NIKE, Inc. Teams
We support the personal and professional wellbeing of all NIKE, Inc. employees—from retail to corporate—through pay equity, best-in-class benefits and comprehensive professional development opportunities.


Fostering a Culture of Belonging
We create community and allyship across NIKE, Inc. through our employee networks and leadership development.


Empowering Indigenous Youth Through the N7 Fund
Through the N7 Fund, Nike invests in nonprofits that serve Indigenous communities in North America.

Magazine
Mission
Company
Newsroom
Resources
Shop Nike.com
Shop Converse.com
Get Help
Investors
Terms of Use
Nike Privacy Policy
CA Supply Chains Act
© 2026 NIKE, Inc. All Rights Reserved
